Update README.md - Fix binary paths (#173)
platform9/cctl: README.md

If your setup has internet connectivity, follow these steps. For an airgapped environment, please see documentation [wiki](https://github.com/platform9/cctl/wiki).

> On all nodes that will make up your Kubernetes cluster, ensure docker container runtime is installed and active. Also ensure the correct version of the `etcdadm` binary is placed under `/var/cache/ssh-provider/etcdadm/<version>/` and `nodeadm` binary is placed under `/var/cache/ssh-provider/nodeadm/<version>/` directory. The nodeadm, etcdadm binary versions supported by a `cctl` release is specified in the release description. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On all nodes that will make up your Kubernetes cluster, ensure that:
- The docker container runtime is installed and the docker daemon is running.
- The `etcdadm` binary is in the `/var/cache/ssh-provider/etcdadm/<version>/` directory, and the `nodeadm` binary is in `/var/cache/ssh-provider/nodeadm/<version>/` directory. To find the versions required by the `cctl` release you use, see the [releases](https://github.com/platform9/cctl/releases) page.
```
